Updating links for extensions from the protocols page (#1031)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/translated-guides/en/02 Using k6/10 Protocols.md

xk6 is a separate CLI tool that lets you build custom k6 binaries.
Community contributors have already added support for additional protocols,
with extensions for SQL, Kafka, ZeroMQ, Redis, and more.

> See the [full list of extensions](/extensions/get-started/explore/) then follow the [xk6 guide](/extensions/guides/build-a-k6-binary-with-extensions/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [full list of extensions](/extensions/get-started/explore/) and find the ones you want to build. Then follow the [xk6 guide](/extensions/guides/build-a-k6-binary-with-extensions/).
```

You can build your own extension, too.

> See the [tutorials](/extensions/get-started/create/) to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, read the [tutorials](/extensions/get-started/create/).
```
